###############################################################################
#                                                                             #
#                          Crabber Terms of Service                           #
#                                                                             #
###############################################################################

# 1. Introduction

To submit content, browse this website, and otherwise make use of this service
you must agree to the terms specified in this document. Failure to do so will
result in a denial of service.

Crabber reserves the right to claim back usernames that have already been taken
if the situation demands it. (For instance, if the president of the United
States joins the site and wants his username, we would probably allow that.) If
your username is claimed back we will notify you, and be in touch to arrange a
new one for you. You may be given notice in advance but this is not guaranteed.

# 2. Rules

Follow the rules. Breaking a rule may result in banishment. The site, its
creator, and other moderators reserve the right to suspend or terminate your
account at our discretion. An IP-ban or alternative action may be taken if
deemed necessary.

Rules can and will be modified and/or appended. Continued usage of this site,
its services, and content implies agreement of this document both in its
current state and its ongoing amendments regardless of whether you have been
notified of said amendments.

If you see someone breaking the rules or if you feel we have omitted a rule
that is negatively affecting your experience, please get in touch with a site
administrator.

## 2A. Rule List

  1. Respect other users.
  2. Follow the law of both your own country and of the United States.
  3. Do not reveal personal information of others. It's recommended not to
     reveal your own, but that's up to you unless we deem it inappropriate.
  4. Hate speech is not allowed. This includes slurs, "dog whistling", and
     otherwise hateful or slanderous behaviour.
  5. Incel, alt-right, KKK, Nazi, and other hateful ideologies are not allowed.
     Go back to Parler and complain how this is an SJW site. We don't care.
  6. This site does not support "cancel culture". Give people the benefit of the
     doubt and don't brigade them for their minor mistakes. People grow and this
     site encourages that.
  7. Any content shared on the site that contains mature material should be
     labeled as such using the built-in "nsfw" toggle shown when making molts.
  8. Impersonation or parody accounts must denote themselves as such in their
     display name or description in a way that's clear and legible to the
     average user.
  9. Do not create accounts for the sole purpose of claiming a username,
     otherwise known as "username squatting".

# 3. Privacy

Crabber cares about privacy. As such, we don't log information about our users
unless absolutely necessary.

## 3A. Types and Purposes of Data Collected

In the interest of transparency we will list all the data we store regarding
our users and the uses of said data at the time of this writing. The following
list will omit all data deliberately submitted by the user (e.g. Molt contents,
display name, etc.) with the exception of email addresses.

  Email             Used for login verification and the case of needing to
                    contact a user. (e.g. password resets)
  IP Address        Used to ban addresses who repeatedly create accounts that
                    break our rules as defined in ยง2A.
  Browser           Collected for analytical purposes. If you wish for this to
                    remain private you may modify your browser's User Agent
                    header.
  Operating System  Collected for analytical purposes. If you wish for this to
                    remain private you may modify your browser's User Agent
                    header.

## 3B. Duration of Storage

All data collected by Crabber should be presumed to be kept indefinitely.
"Deleting" an account through the Crabber website does not mean the data will
be removed from our database. If you wish to have your data explicitly and
permanently removed you may submit a request through one of our contact
channels as defined in ยง4.

# 4. Contacting Crabber

If for any reason you need to contact a representative of Crabber you may do so
through any of the following means.

  * Send an email to: crabberwebsite@gmail.com
  * Mention @crabber in a Molt

Receiving a response from a Crabber representative is not guaranteed, however
efforts will be made to respond to all legitimate queries.
